ACK frames PN space editorial (#3313)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

acknowledged, even if it does not appear in a future ACK frame.  This is unlike
TCP SACKs ({{?RFC2018}}).

An ACK frame acknowledges packets in the same packet number space as the packet

> in which it is contained.  As such, the same packet number can be acknowledged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in which it is contained.  Packets from different packet number spaces can be identified using the same numeric value.
```
